fcintro	fc1	fc2	fc3	fc4	fc5	fc6	fc7
"Thank you for participating in the Knights Lab's citizen science project! 

We have made you a personalized report from your samples and dietary data. Included in this report is information about your daily dietary intake and your daily microbiome variation. This report is not intended to provide medical advice or to be used to diagnose or treat disease. If you have any questions about your report, or you would like access to your raw sequence data, please contact the study coordinator and registered dietitian Abby Johnson, PhD, RDN, at cole0463@umn.edu or the study PI, Dan Knights, PhD at dknights@umn.edu."	"This figure shows the day to day variation in your consumption of macronutrients viewed as a percentage of total kilocalorie intake.Please note, it is common for people who follow some diets, like the low carbohydrate diet, to have intake ranges that differ from the typical intake ranges. The next table will show if your diet is nutritionally adequate."")"	"This figure shows your fiber intake each day throughout the study. The red line in this plot shows the recommended level of fiber consumption in grams, while the gold line shows your average daily fiber intake. The current recommendation for fiber intake is to consume 14g per 1000kcal. "	"This figure shows the relative abundance of the major food groups you consumed on a day to day basis during the study, excluding water. Each color is representative of a unique food group as annotated on the figure legend. Please note that these food groups are displayed by their weight in grams, so the plot tends to over-represent the contribution of liquid foods and foods with high water content to your diet. You may notice that the largest food component each day is called Sugars, sweets and beverages. For most participants in this study, the size of that bar is driven by intake of coffee and tea, not sugar and candy."	"This figure shows the most abundant bacterial species within your gut per each day of the study. The <2.5% abundance column represents a sum of bacterial species that individually account for less than 2.5% of the bacterial population within your gut microbiome. If you are missing microbiome data for any day on this plot it's either because you did not submit a sample for that day, your sample wasn't able to be sequenced, or we did not get enough sequence data from your sample to reliably use it for data analysis.
"	This figure shows how the bacterial diversity exhibited within your gut changes on a daily basis. The measure of diversity shown here is called the Shannon index of alpha diversity. The Shannon index accounts for both the abundance and evenness of bacterial species present within the gut microbiome. A higher Shannon index typically indicates a more diverse microbiome community.	"This figure is a PCoA plot. A PCoA plot summarizes variability within a given dataset by producing a set of uncorrelated axes. Essentially, the PCoA plot can be utilized to interpret similarity of data points -- data points closer to one another are more similar to one another, while points further away from each other are more dissimilar. Each data point in this plot represents a unique sample collected one of the participants in this study. Samples from the same study participant are the same color. 

The points corresponding to your microbiome are outlined in black and are highlighted by the smaller ellipse. When viewing this plot, keep in mind that it is a 2-dimensional representation of a 3-dimensional plot. So if your points look like they are all in the same place, they might actually extend into or out of the page!"	"paste(""oooo"")"
